# cs465
FullStack Development 1
The front end of the code can be viewed in the different modules, and development can be seen week to week in the varying modules. Java and Js are the primary front end facing components of the project, as seen in the Express HTML, and the .hbs files used to speed up the functionality of the app. The application references and pulls from the MongoDB server and database for the varying saved trips. NoSQL MongoDB was used in this for the primary elements of its great degree of scalability and flexibility as more functionality was, and is, built out. JSON also played a crucial role in the website and functions better than JavaScript in some regard. JSON is more readable and user friendly for identifying and reading the different varying elements of saved objects, and has the same ability to be readable in Java and used in the application development. An example of where refactored code can be seen is comparing module 1 (or any of the modules prior to .hbs files being added) where .hbs files were later added to aide in page loading as compared to the original static html elements in the begining of the project. The use of Postman in the project aided the ability to test functionality as it was added. This can be as simple as checking that the application can be connected to and runs, and it can aide in testing the CRUD methods added as errors in these are returned and can be viewed in Postman. We can also see how it aides in testing in security as well as it allowed to test the authentication ability that was added in the second to last week of the project. This course has helped me understand where I am weak in my current IT and Computer Science ability. My understanding of web application development has expanded, but I also still understand I have a long way to go as I struggled to manage my time and understanding some concepts. Prior to this course I had little to no experience in working with HTML outside of understanding the basics, let alone using API's and JavaScript to communicate to a backend. Much of my experience in work is solely dealing with backend technology and database management in SQL environments in Azure. This course gave me a guide as to what I can learn and understand better to better advance my current and future career.
